_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Create initial commit for new personal website with 2023 updates from January to May

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: aboutnew
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: >
  PhD Student, Graduate Research Assistant<br>College of Engineering, Purdue University<br>Office: 127, POTR, PWL
profile:
  align:
  image: prof_pic_sq.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: false  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I am currently a first-year PhD student at [Purdue University](https://www.purdue.edu/),
[Digital Twin Lab](https://purduedigitaltwin.github.io/), where I serve as a graduate research
assistant under the guidance of [Prof. Ziran Wang](https://ziranw.github.io/). Prior to joining Purdue,
I earned my Master's degree in [Computer Science](https://cs.nyu.edu/home/index.html)
from [New York University](https://www.nyu.edu/). My research interests revolve around the intersection of computer
vision, autonomous driving, and driver behavior modeling.


<!---
Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can
put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by
editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will
render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to
use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/)
and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn,
Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
--->
